First tutorial with code. (#196)
square/workflow-kotlin: samples/tutorial/README.md

# Tutorial

## Overview

Oh hi! Looks like you want build some software with Workflows! It's a bit different from traditional
Android development, so let's go through building a simple little TODO app to get the basics down.

## Layout

The project has both a starting point, as well as an example of the completed tutorial.

> To help with the setup, we have created a few helpers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help with the setup, we have created a few helper modules:
```

- `tutorial-views`: A set of 3 views for the 3 screens we will be building, `Welcome`, `TodoList`,
  and `TodoEdit`.

> - `tutorial-base`: This is the starting point to build out the tutorial. It contains view
>   controllers that host the views from `TutorialViews` to see how they display.

Reviewer: "view controllers"? Was this from the iOS one?

```suggestion
- `tutorial-base`: This is the starting point to build out the tutorial.
```

Author: Good catch, found a few more as well.
